<h2>Meeting 1</h2><br>Tues 1 Feb UTC 22:00 (see in your timezone: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;timweanddate&#x2e;com&#x2F;worldclock&#x2F;fixedtime&#x2e;html&#x3f;msg&#x3d;meeting&#x2b;1&#x2b;LCAG&amp;iso&#x3d;20220202T09&amp;p1&#x3d;240&amp;ah&#x3d;1&amp;am&#x3d;30" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.timweanddate.com&#x2F;worldclock&#x2F;fixedtime.html?msg=meeting+1+LCAG&amp;iso=20220202T09&amp;p1=240&amp;ah=1&amp;am=30</a>)<br><br><br>Attending: (Name, pronouns, organisation)<br>Cody Hennesy, he&#x2F;him, U Minnesota (leaving after 80 mins)<br>Mark Laufersweiler, he&#x2F;him, Univ of Oklahoma<br>Erin Becker, she&#x2F;her, The Carpentries<br>Elizabeth (Lisa) McAulay, she&#x2F;her, University of California, Los Angeles (leaving early, after 60 mins)<br>Chris Erdmann, he&#x2F;him, AGU (leaving early ())<br>Liz STokes, she&#x2F;they, ARDC Sydney<br>Catherine Nancarrow, CDL<br>Annajiat Alim Rasel<br><br>Apologies:&nbsp;<br>Sara King<br><br><br><h3>Agenda</h3><br>Chair: Liz Stokes<br>Notetaker: Lisa McAulay (followed by Erin)<br>Timekeeper: Cody Hennesy<br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><h4>Introductions &amp; round robin - Project&#x2F;local area updates: Any challenges or opportunities you&#x27;d like to share? (20min) (x:00 - x:20)</h4></ol>People<br>Cody Hennesy -- UMinnesota is doing their first in-person workshop; there is a Midwest Carpentries community, he&#x27;s going to host a Call in April to brainstorm how to connect with organizations or communities that have not been able to participate in the Library Carpenties across the midwest<br><br>Mark Laufersweiler -- Covid is worse here; we have some &quot;survival courses&quot; (our name) -- file managment, data management -- we use it to connect to the Carpenties; Kubernetes as a tool (UOklahoma is connecting to San Diego (Nautilus team)) and we will be using Kubernetes as a hosting environment for students and the environment will persist for a bit; 45 mins every workshop on installs. We think this might take away the problem of the installs and challenges, but the group has also promied to still help everyone with local installs; I&#x27;m no longer a member<br><br>Erin Becker, int the middle of the month the Carpentries will be hosting their first equity summit. The Carpentries will be working to develop increased representation of BIPOC individuals within our Instructor and learner communities. Partnered with NAMEPA, GEM, NSBE, SACNAS - all minority serving organisations working with grad students in the US (taking place in Chicago -- fingers cr)<br><br>Lisa - UCLA; UCLA has been hosting a series of workshops. Working on realistic workload for 2022.<br><br>Liz - e-research New Zealand happening next week; it will be online. in the Library - Research Support Day. there used to be a 1 day event, and they have expanded the program to 3 hours per day for 3 days.&nbsp;<br><br>Catherine Nancarrow - California Digital LIbrary, in the University of California . There is the not much going on in CDL specifically. UC Libraries have a framework of committees in which cross-campus groups exist with a common responsibility and can meet formally to have discussion. This framework is called &quot;Common Knowledge Groups&quot; abbreviated CKGs. Specifically there is a CKG for Digital Curation. Danielle Kane at UC Irvine has taken a number of Carpentries workshops that she has ingested into Canvas for deliver instruction. It is also out of this group came the very successful four-campus collaboration to teach Carpentries workshops with cross-campus participation.&nbsp; Question remains if that will be repeated; much depending on the feasibility of in-person workshops becoming a viable option again. <em>More information goes here about digital preservation and something that will be implemented across the UC system.</em><br><br>Annajiat Alim Rasel - There are a number of Carpentries that have restructured their advisory committees. We expected to be back in person, but now at least until March we&#x27;ll be fully remote.&nbsp;<br><br>Project updates (20 mins) (x:20 - x:40)<br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Adopt Carpentries committee structure for the LCAG<strong> [#34] </strong><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;34" rel="noreferrer noopener"><strong>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;34</strong></a><ol start="1" class="number"><li>see <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;pull&#x2F;39" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;pull&#x2F;39</a></ol></li></ol></li></ol><br><strong><em>Please </em></strong>everyone review and comment on this pull request. The question that Liz has in her mind after reviewing this issue, there appears to be some inconsistency between the Curriculum Advisory Committee and the .<br><br>The Program Committee&nbsp;<br>the Lesson Policy<br>the Lesson Advisory Structure<br>LCAG appears to be more than just interested in curriculum -- LCAG does outreach and community building to develop a Library Carpentry community.&nbsp;<br>There is a definition in the Carpentries Handbook&nbsp;<br><ul class="indent"><li>Definition of Curriculum Advisor role: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;topic&#x5f;folders&#x2F;lesson&#x5f;development&#x2F;curriculum&#x5f;advisory&#x5f;committees&#x2e;html" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.carpentries.org&#x2F;topic_folders&#x2F;lesson_development&#x2F;curriculum_advisory_committees.html</a></li><li>Responsibilities of Curriculum Advisors: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;topic&#x5f;folders&#x2F;lesson&#x5f;development&#x2F;cac&#x2d;consult&#x2d;rubric&#x2e;html" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.carpentries.org&#x2F;topic_folders&#x2F;lesson_development&#x2F;cac-consult-rubric.html</a></li><li>Current Curriculum Advisors: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;curriculum&#x2d;advisors&#x2F;" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;carpentries.org&#x2F;curriculum-advisors&#x2F;</a></ul><br>Lisa - noting that the definitions are a bit fuzzy to a new person learning the ropes.&nbsp;<br>There was a recognition that the LC curriculum was serving a different community of learning. Curriculums were shifting when the LC joined the Carpentries, and the LC Curriculum committee members were looking to support and continue to advocate for the library staff community.&nbsp;<br>One of the questions we had to answer early on was &quot;What are the Core Lessons for the LC?&quot; And they needed to designate the status of lessons (stable, alpha, beta).&nbsp;<br><br>The Curriculum Advisory Committee hasn&#x27;t really been formed because there was a need to consolidate into one group to meet the needs of the process of joining the central Carpentries.&nbsp;<br><br>So now that we&#x27;ve gotten settled into the Carpentries, we&#x27;re ready to develop these two committees as distinct from each other and as connected.&nbsp;<br><br>LC CAC reinvigoration - we&#x27;re ready to get going<br><br>Cody - Erin did a great onboarding of new LC CAC members.<br><br>Note to Liz Stokes (from Erin) - please notify me when the Chair and Secretary roles have been set for the LC CAC. The new role designations have Secretary responsible for meeting organization. (<a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;topic&#x5f;folders&#x2F;lesson&#x5f;development&#x2F;curriculum&#x5f;advisory&#x5f;committees&#x2e;html&#x23;roles&#x2d;and&#x2d;responsibilities" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.carpentries.org&#x2F;topic_folders&#x2F;lesson_development&#x2F;curriculum_advisory_committees.html#roles-and-responsibilities</a>)<br><br><br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Align LC Curriculum Advisory Committee with Core Team efforts to refresh CACs across the Carpentries <strong>[#38] </strong><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;38" rel="noreferrer noopener"><strong>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;38</strong></a></ol></li></ol><br><br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Identify hurdles to content contribution and develop rubric for vetting external content <strong>[#36] </strong><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;36" rel="noreferrer noopener"><strong>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;36</strong></a><ol start="1" class="number"><li>&nbsp;Cody: See group update here: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1&#x5f;2Re&#x2d;Cc3vBqXiun&#x5f;Gi&#x2d;f5ZzpZz5OwwZwIKNKIyhAPd8&#x2F;edit" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1_2Re-Cc3vBqXiun_Gi-f5ZzpZz5OwwZwIKNKIyhAPd8&#x2F;edit</a></ol></li></ol></li></ol><br>Subgroup, Eka led this work. There was some research &#x2F; outreach about &quot;what are the hurdles to contribute to lessons&quot;. One hurdle was github. Some people felt that the lessons were too packed with stuff to allow for more to be added. many of the instructors also said that they have so many responsibilities related to work that they are focused on the instruction and not on the lesson development work.&nbsp;<br>They came up with a rubric. There are a lot of lessons that are disciplinary tie-ins, so that&#x27;s not very appropriate in the LC. There are things that are of interest to people in Academic Libraries, but that are not open access, and we felt that that was not content that ought to be in the LC. (E.g., HathiTrust and JStor (Constellate))<br>Building more case examples and applications of the learning.&nbsp;<br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Highlight text analysis curricula from beyond the Carpentries 2022<strong>[#35] </strong><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;35" rel="noreferrer noopener"><strong>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;35</strong></a></ol></li></ol><br>We thought we would use this rubric with terms to the Text Analysis learning &#x2F; lessons that are out there. That would be a test or application of the rubric.<br><br>Liz - yes, that&#x27;s great that we focus on the &quot;teach what is necessary first&quot;<br><br>Mark -- yes, I was a tester for JStor Constellate. We could consider this something like a &quot;seal of approval.&quot; This could be a way to point to valid and useful workshops that don&#x27;t fit inside the LC.<br><br>Erin - &quot;Carpentries Seal of Approval&quot; definitely helps with the work that Toby is doing, the Carpentries Lab and Carpentries Incubator. Toby will be at the next instance of this LCAG meeting (2nd instance is several hours later)<br><br><br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><h4>LC survey analysis (15min) (x:40 - x:55)</h4><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Phil: Link for item in January 2022 meetings: (Added in advance because I&#x27;m going to be on annual leave and miss it, apologies.) <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;lc&#x2d;survey&#x2d;2022&#x2d;01&#x2d;12" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.carpentries.org&#x2F;lc-survey-2022-01-12</a> This is about the LC survey analysis of free text questions. Short version: we created a Trello board to begin to categorise and look for common patterns: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;b&#x2F;jhBLMj3f&#x2F;library&#x2d;carpentry&#x2d;2021&#x2d;survey" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;b&#x2F;jhBLMj3f&#x2F;library-carpentry-2021-survey</a> This work is not complete but can still be used. For example, if people want to suggest building a choice of lessons, we can use this data to guide their decisions on which lessons to build now.</ol></li></ol><br>Phil is not at Instance 1 of our meeting, and none of us have had a time to look into this in more detail. We should table this discussion.&nbsp;<br><br>Volunteer for bringing something back to the group out of meeting times&nbsp; - perhaps in the slack channel?<br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><h4>New membership 2022 to LCAG (5min) (x:55 - x+1:00)</h4><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Suggested timeline of activities<ol start="1" class="number"><li>&nbsp;Steps that we used last time<ol start="1" class="number"><li>set up an EOI form</li><li>Create a rubric that helped us interpret what people submitted in EOI</li><li>Blog post callout</li><li>publicizing to networks</li><li>Receiving applications and asking individuals who wanted to be involved in this process to receive them</li><li>Reviewing applicants</li><li>Chairs notifying accepted applicants and inviting them to next meeting</ol></li></ol></li></ol></li></ol><br>Who would like to be involved in this process?<br>Co-Chairs - Annajiat and Liz<br>Catherine Nancarrow<br><br>Outline of process<br>Up to 16 Dec 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Planning process and next year&#8217;s program<br>24 Jan 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Open up LCAG applications<br>11 Feb&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Deadline for applications<br>25 Feb&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Deadline for choosing applications<br>1 March 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Contact successful applicants<br>Mid March 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Confirm new members<br>End of march 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; First onboarding meeting for new LCAG members<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Call for volunteers for next chair to replace Liz<br><br>Need someone to transpose this timeline forward from December to February.&nbsp;<br>Catherine: That&#x27;s a pretty tight timeline, crafted in pre-covid life. May want to have longer periods between steps.&nbsp;<br>Liz: Stretching out would be good. That draft was made when we considered to be meeting every two months.&nbsp;<br>Annajiat: I believe start should be from March. I can try to draft a spreadsheet with variable timeline. Mid year sounds more realistic.<br>Liz: Propose moving to quarterly meetings? Not onboarding new members until mid-year.&nbsp;<br>Mark: Application gathering may take longer that we think as folks may be shy to commit for a host of reasons.&nbsp;<br>Having roles and responsibilities clearly defined for LCAG vs CAC will be useful for recruitment of new members.&nbsp;<br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Actions<ol start="1" class="number"><li>Liz and Annajiat will meet to set a timeline.&nbsp;</ol></li></ol></li></ol><br><br><br><br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><h4>2022 LCAG Calendar (5min) (x+1:00 - x+1:05)</h4><ol start="1" class="number"><li>&nbsp;Please check these dates and advise if any impact on public holidays or your own availability</li><li>&nbsp;Draft calendar here: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;34" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;34</a></ol></li></ol><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><h4>Curriculum Advisory Committee (15min) (x+1:05 - x+1:20)</h4><ol start="1" class="number"><li>&nbsp;Report from onboarding program</li><li>Is there a significant difference between the Library Carpentry Advisory Committee and the Curriculum Advisory Committee?</li><li>&nbsp;Liz: These groups have a different remit. There is benefit in us meeting together as a global network. Our challenge this year will be to really define the purposes of why the advisory group meets and to develop some evaluation methods to work out whether we are achiveing our goals. Currently based on feelings, but not enough. Some of us have been involved in CAC onboarding in january.&nbsp;</li><li>Annajiat: CAC will be decining on major version changes. What are our plans for LC to be represented during CarpentryCon? Create more different roles for LCAG and CAC. From CarpentryCon and moving forward how we would like to keep promoting LC.&nbsp;</li><li>Liz: Maybe good to have a birds of a feather session for the CACs?&nbsp;</li><li>Annajiat: Definitely. Just had BoF session for HPC carpentry @ SC&#x27;21.&nbsp;</li><li>Liz: What advisory group role could we play in Carpentry Con?&nbsp;</li><li>Mark: Will develop as the CarpentyCon committee starts to develop their vision. BoF should be part of it. Good callout to have the CACs for the different domains get togheter. Might learn what works and doesn&#x27;t work for each.&nbsp;</li><li>Liz: Have ways of organizing that bring people together and then different context &#x2F; community touch points. Could communicate to Alycia about suggestion for CAC BoF. Liz will communicate to Alycia.&nbsp;</ol></li></ol><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><h4>&nbsp;Buffer zone (10 mins) - Anything else you want to raise? (x+1:20 - x+1:30)</h4></ol>Gofman, A., 2019: A Carpentries Approach to ACRL Framework Instruction. Journal of eScience Librarianship, 8, <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;doi&#x2e;org&#x2F;10&#x2e;7191&#x2F;jeslib&#x2e;2019&#x2e;1173" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;doi.org&#x2F;10.7191&#x2F;jeslib.2019.1173</a>.<br><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;blog&#x2F;2022&#x2F;01&#x2F;live&#x2d;lesson&#x2d;infrastructure&#x2F;" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;carpentries.org&#x2F;blog&#x2F;2022&#x2F;01&#x2F;live-lesson-infrastructure&#x2F;</a><br><br><br><h2>Meeting 2</h2><br>Meeting 2: Wed 2 Feb UTC 8:00am (see in your timezone: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;timeanddate&#x2e;com&#x2F;worldclock&#x2F;fixedtime&#x2e;html&#x3f;msg&#x3d;LCAG&#x2b;meeting&#x2b;2&amp;iso&#x3d;20220202T19&amp;p1&#x3d;240&amp;ah&#x3d;1&amp;am&#x3d;30" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.timeanddate.com&#x2F;worldclock&#x2F;fixedtime.html?msg=LCAG+meeting+2&amp;iso=20220202T19&amp;p1=240&amp;ah=1&amp;am=30</a>)<br><br>Zoom link: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;utsmeet&#x2e;zoom&#x2e;us&#x2F;j&#x2F;84102021137" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;utsmeet.zoom.us&#x2F;j&#x2F;84102021137</a><br><br>Attending: (Name, pronouns, organisation)<br>Toby Hodges (he&#x2F;him), The Carpentries<br>Annajiat Alim Rasel (he&#x2F;him) BracU<br>Phil Reed (he&#x2F;him), The University of Manchester, UK<br>Birgit Schmidt (she&#x2F;her), University of G&#246;ttingen, DE<br><br>Apologies:&nbsp;<br>Liz Stokes<br><br><h3>Agenda</h3><br>Chair: Annajiat<br>Notetaker: Toby<br>Timekeeper:<br><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Introductions &amp; round robin - Project&#x2F;local area updates: Any challenges or opportunities you&#x27;d like to share? (20min)</ol>Annajiat - very busy here and getting more restricted by constant and short-notice changes to teaching format &amp; schedule, etc.&nbsp;<br>Phil - See 5.1 below<br>Birgit - Uni G&#246;ttingen extended Carpentries membership recently. One workshop running end of Febr&#x2F;early March, targetting librarians with more, shorter lessons on a wider range of topics. Ran another workshop last November, will probably do another for librarians later this year. Looked at survey again with Phil but we will cover that later.<br>Toby: Equity summit. more US centric. Bring diverse set of communities together to our instructor and other communities. Announced The Carpentries Workbench - <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;blog&#x2F;2022&#x2F;01&#x2F;live&#x2d;lesson&#x2d;infrastructure&#x2F;" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;carpentries.org&#x2F;blog&#x2F;2022&#x2F;01&#x2F;live-lesson-infrastructure&#x2F;</a>).<br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Adopt Carpentries committee structure for the LCAG [#34] <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;34" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;34</a><ol start="1" class="number"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;34&#x23;issuecomment&#x2d;1026406516" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;34#issuecomment-1026406516</a></li><li>The proposed schedule works for the members in attendance. Hope it also fits for those who couldn&#x27;t join this time.</ol></li></ol></li></ol><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Align LC Curriculum Advisory Committee with Core Team efforts to refresh CACs across the Carpentries [#38] <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;38" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;38</a><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Still more work to be done on restructuring curriculum</ol></li></ol></li></ol><br><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;curriculum&#x2d;advisors&#x2F;" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;carpentries.org&#x2F;curriculum-advisors&#x2F;</a><br><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Identify hurdles to content contribution and develop rubric for vetting external content [#36] <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;36" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;36</a><ol start="1" class="number"><li>maybe highlight resources as a list to point people towards after an LC workshop. how should we vet material and decide whether it is appropriate to include?</li><li>how to encourage people to contribute back modifications they have made to their forks of lessons?</li><li>Phil: can we prepare a list of these cases, so we can review and discuss more specifically?</li><li>Annajiat: this could be a good approach. We see something similar in HPC Carpentry, and observe that hurdle to contribute back gets larger over time, as lesson versions diverge. What can we do to make it easier? Provide a way for people to list changes without having to create a pull request?</li><li>Phil: @Toby has The Carpentries tried to do this before? faced similar issue with othe rlesson programs?</li><li>Toby: not that I&#x27;m aware of. A dedicated sprint event, with support for people to prepare pull requests, might be helpful here?</li><li>Birgit: +1</li><li>Phil: any idea for the scale of the issue?</li><li>Annajiat: no data at hand, but my feeling is that we are not seeing much movement on core lessons.</li><li>Phil: yes, i agree</li><li>Toby: recommend to dig into these questions in detail in the next CAC meeting.</ol></li></ol></li></ol><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Cody: See group update here: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1&#x5f;2Re&#x2d;Cc3vBqXiun&#x5f;Gi&#x2d;f5ZzpZz5OwwZwIKNKIyhAPd8&#x2F;edit" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1_2Re-Cc3vBqXiun_Gi-f5ZzpZz5OwwZwIKNKIyhAPd8&#x2F;edit</a><ol start="1" class="number"><li>perhaps a good action to assign to CAC members before first meeting, would be to read through this document?</ol></li></ol></li></ol></li></ol><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Highlight text analysis curricula from beyond the Carpentries 2022[#35] <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;35" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;issues&#x2F;35</a><ol start="1" class="number"><li>Annajiat: I think there is potential for a full text analysis curriculum in the future.</li><li>Phil: point about closed off environments is a good one.</li><li>Birgit: another potential topic for a sprint. have dabbled a little (e.g. R tidy text mining) in this but never had the time to dig into it beyond the essentials I needed at the time. Not sure who, if anyone, in our current advisory group is an expert?</li><li>it would be great to have some people who have contribution to The Carpentries written into their job description.</li><li>Birgit: need someone who would volunteer to lead this initiative.</li><li>Toby: current suggestion in #35 seems to be to collect and share existing resources with the community. any new lessons should probably be considered alongside the existing efforts on extended and conceptual curricula - a good task for the CAC would be a strategic plan for which curricula to prioritise and which to archive&#x2F;put on hiatus.</li><li>Phil: especially in the context of core lessons not getting much work recently too. TDM did come up a few times in the survey.</li><li>Birgit: librarians are often interested in mining bibliographic text, might be a different data type than most other people might be interested in.</ol></li></ol></li></ol><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li>LC survey analysis (15min)<ol start="1" class="number"><li>Phil: Link for item in January 2022 meetings: (Added in advance because I&#x27;m going to be on annual leave and miss it, apologies.) <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;lc&#x2d;survey&#x2d;2022&#x2d;01&#x2d;12" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.carpentries.org&#x2F;lc-survey-2022-01-12</a> This is about the LC survey analysis of free text questions. Short version: we created a Trello board to begin to categorise and look for common patterns: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;b&#x2F;jhBLMj3f&#x2F;library&#x2d;carpentry&#x2d;2021&#x2d;survey" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;b&#x2F;jhBLMj3f&#x2F;library-carpentry-2021-survey</a> This work is not complete but can still be used. For example, if people want to suggest building a choice of lessons, we can use this data to guide their decisions on which lessons to build now.<ol start="1" class="number"><li>volunteers listed in the other etherpad: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;carpentries&#x2e;org&#x2F;lc&#x2d;survey&#x2d;2022&#x2d;01&#x2d;12" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.carpentries.org&#x2F;lc-survey-2022-01-12</a></li><li>imported all comments into Trello<ol start="1" class="number"><li>focussed on Q21, three columns to group interests people listed: examples&#x2F;overviews, tools, and themes&#x2F;topics.</li><li>Python &amp; web scraping came up a lot. mixed responses about OpenRefine<ol start="1" class="number"><li>current state of Python lesson: alpha, not much activity in the past few years (<a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;lc&#x2d;python&#x2d;intro&#x2F;graphs&#x2F;contributors" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;lc-python-intro&#x2F;graphs&#x2F;contributors</a>)</li><li>Annajiat: uses Spyder, so could benefit from updating e.g. to use Jupyter in line with other Python lessons. Instructors who wnat to teacha&nbsp; topic and find no lesson, tend to go get the content from other places e.g. Software and Data Carpentry</li><li>Phil: could be a goal for us to get Python lesson to beta.</li><li>Birgit: colleagues here will teach Python soon, perhaps I should speak to them to find out more about the approach they are taking.</ol><li>became clear that some respondents might not have had a clear idea of what LC is and what it&#x27;s for.</ol></li></ol></li></ol><li>New membership 2022 (15min)<ol start="1" class="number"><li>Suggested timeline of activities<ol start="1" class="number"><li>&nbsp;Steps that we used last time<ol start="1" class="number"><li>set up an expression of interest (EOI) form</li><li>Create a rubric that helped us interpret what people submitted in EOI</li><li>Blog post callout</li><li>publicizing to networks</li><li>Receiving applications and asking individuals who wanted to be involved in this process to receive them</li><li>Reviewing applicants</li><li>Chairs notifying accepted applicants and inviting them to next meeting</ol></li></ol></li></ol></li></ol><br>Who would like to be involved in this process?<br>Co-Chairs - Annajiat and Liz<br>Catherine Nancarrow<br>Phil Reed<br>Toby will support from the Core Team<br><br>Previous DRAFT of Outline of process<br>Up to 16 Dec 2021&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Planning process and next year&#8217;s program<br>24 Jan 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Open up LCAG applications<br>11 Feb&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Deadline for applications<br>25 Feb&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Deadline for choosing applications<br>1 March 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Contact successful applicants<br>Mid March 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Confirm new members<br>End of march 2022&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; First onboarding meeting for new LCAG members<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Call for volunteers for next chair to replace Liz<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br><br>What would be an appropriate time to start?<br><ul class="indent"><li>Phil: Remember it took more time than originally expected. 3.5 months feels reasonable. Remember there was a lot of discussion around how to score and rank applications. There was no question about (under)representation, but we were supposed to consider this when scoring applications. Discussions were long, meetings ran over, a lot of uncertainty about how to proceed. Needs to be addressed for this upcoming round.</ul><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li>2022 LCAG Calendar (15min)<ol start="1" class="number"><li>&nbsp;Please check these dates and advise if any impact on public holidays or your own availability</ol><li>Curriculum Advisory Committee (15min)<ol start="1" class="number"><li>CAC is looking for a chair</li><li>&nbsp;Report from onboarding program - Phil: nothing to add here.</ol></li></ol><br><ol start="1" class="number"><li>&nbsp;Buffer zone (10 mins) - Anything else you want to raise?<ol start="1" class="number"><li>&nbsp;Phil Reed: my colleague Nilani Ganeshwaran has been awarded a Software Sustainability Institute (SSI) Fellowship here in the UK. Her proposal is &#8220;To better integrate Library Carpentry into working practice in UK libraries&#8221;. I&#x27;m going to help on this, kick off meeting next week. Wondered if possibly this group might have suggestions&#x2F;comments once we kick off.<ol start="1" class="number"><li>we run workshops but have no follow-up, to help people integrate these skills into their work and keep them fresh.</li><li>think about this for next time, and contact Phil if you would like to discuss more in between.</li><li>Birgit: here we have two instructors who are subject librarians and trying to push their group to use these tools more, I think they will follow up. Could report about that.</li><li>Annajiat: do we already have reports of institutes where workshops are run, and people who have acted as &quot;helpers&quot; at workshops but have not applied to Instructor Training? could be helpful for recruiting more people into community and meeting need at different institutions&#x2F;regions. overview of where The Carpentries has reached and where it still needs to (and can) grow.</ol></li></ol></li></ol><ul class="indent"></ul>Summary of actions<br><ol start="1" class="number"><li>All members to review and comment on this pull request for roles and responsibilities for LCAG, and the recruitment procedure. <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;pull&#x2F;39" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;LibraryCarpentry&#x2F;governance&#x2F;pull&#x2F;39</a></li><li>&nbsp;All members to review Project #36 Phase one summary: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1&#x5f;2Re&#x2d;Cc3vBqXiun&#x5f;Gi&#x2d;f5ZzpZz5OwwZwIKNKIyhAPd8&#x2F;edit" rel="noreferrer noopener">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1_2Re-Cc3vBqXiun_Gi-f5ZzpZz5OwwZwIKNKIyhAPd8&#x2F;edit</a></li><li>LCAG refer the above Phase one summary to LC CAC for discussion in their first meeting</li><li>Liz to ask LC CAC for volunteers to Chair and Secretary roles and inform Erin when filled.</li><li>Annajiat, Catherine, Phil and Liz to draft process for 2022 membership refresh. Toby to support from Core Team.</li><li>All members to review the proposed 2022 Calendar dates and confirm they can attend or suggest new dates. 
