### Meeting 14/15 May

##### Attending: 

- Belinda Weaver
- Cam Macdonell
- Chris Erdmann
- Tim Dennis
- Greg Wilson
- Juliane Schneider
- John Chodacki

#### Agenda

1) The sprint and its outcomes 
2) Handling responses from the [engagement form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1uqXtEN6WKU_lO6lOFuwX7Mt1WzkFy--3flbj3NciMGI/edit#responses)
3) Motions regarding future engagement / merger with The Carpentries 
4) Onboarding instructors to teach Library Carpentry (i.e. what we do at our CarpentryCon workshop)
5) Report from Chris Erdmann now he has started as Library Carpentry Community Dev person

**1. A very successful sprint. **

- There were 3.1K views of the repositories and 341 unique visitors from 5/9 - 5/12
- We had 151 pull requests and issues.
- Broken down by the individual lessons: git (27), shell (13), web scraping (11), data intro (31), open refine (12), python intro (23), sql (20), spreadsheets (14) 
- New lessons on research data <https://github.com/librarycarpentry/lc-research-data>, digital pres <https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-dig-pres>
- The new website was also a focus and is near release. [It is now live.](http://librarycarpentry.org/) There were 230+ commits to that website repo during the sprint.
- Chris Erdmann and Belinda Weaver wrote a [blog post about the sprint](http://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/05/16/our-latest-sprint/).

**2) Handling responses from the engagement form** (https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1uqXtEN6WKU_lO6lOFuwX7Mt1WzkFy--3flbj3NciMGI/edit#responses)

We have had 55 inquiries about Library Carpentry through the form.
Chris is working through the list and contacting people. People in different regions may get lists of people to follow up. 

**3) Motions regarding future engagement / merger with The Carpentries**

In order for us to have some official standing regarding representation on the Carpentries website and elsewhere, we need a motion to authorise the start of merger talks. On their side, The Carpentries' Exec Council members are considering a motion to do the same.
Greg Wilson moved: 
I move that Library Carpentry conduct merger discussions with the Carpentries
Tim Dennis seconded and the motion was carried unopposed on the call. This has been communicated to the EC of The Carpentries, and to Tracy Teal as ED.

**4) Onboarding instructors to teach Library Carpentry (i.e. what we do at our CarpentryCon workshop)**
There was some discussion of what to cover. Some of this has already been raised [here](https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/new-website/issues/6)

**5) Report from Chris Erdmann now he has started as Library Carpentry Community Dev person**

There was discussion on the merits of a blended instructor training vs designated training for Librarians - 
we think we like both depending on audience (academic or public)
* Part of the IMLS grant stipulates two instructor trainings
   * We supported one in-person and one online training for these instructor trainings 
   
   This will be raised with The Carpentries as Chris will report back.
   
**Other business**
The question of "What constitutes a Library Carpentry workshop?" is to be decided over the coming months. [An issue for comment has been raised here](https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/governance/issues/1). Please have your say.

See also our governance etherpad: http://pad.software-carpentry.org/lc-gov-call
