# Quarter 4
1 November UTC 22:00 UTC 
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=LCAG+Meeting+Q4+1&iso=20221101T22&p1=1440&ah=1&am=30
2 November UTC 8:00 UTC
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=LCAG+Meeting+Q4+2&iso=20221102T08&p1=1440&ah=1&am=30

## Meeting 1
Link to join the call: https://carpentries.zoom.us/my/carpentriesroom2?pwd=WmVCOUlPUm1laFk5SUp1UWg5cjhEUT09

Attendees (Name, pronouns, affiliation)
Erin Becker, she/her, The Carpentries (Facilitator)
Catherine Nancarrow, CDL
Mary Filsell, she/her, ARDC 
Liz Stokes, she/they, ARDC
Elizabeth (Lisa) McAulay, she/her, UCLA
Cody Hennesy, he/him, U Minnesota
Mark Laufersweiler, he/him, Univ of Oklahoma Libraries

regrets from Chris Erdmann (for both meeting instances)

### Agenda
- Introductions & check-in - Name, affiliation, when did you join the Library Carpentry Advisory Group? (10 min)
Erin Becker
- Update from the Curriculum Team: plan to launch Lesson Program Governance Committees (45 min)
- Lesson Program Governance Policy: https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/governance/lesson-program-policy.html#lesson-program-governance-policy
slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1h4eY-UZT2awQ2_T7PnPEdguwRmB1auBEkp30QEqqJzA/edit?usp=sharing
### Discussion Notes
- Mark - Part of the reason for creating CAC was wanting to make sure curriculum was developing with pedagogical input
First topic program to come in via The Carpentries
Perspectives differe about whether LC CAC is more or less wellformed than the others. 
In the past LC ahd a much more general audience, so there was a need to formalise that
- Erin - grateful to have this model to build off this
- Catherine - not only have we learnd, but the variety of our audience means we have a strong imerative to cover meore ground in our communications. Applaud this policy fo clarifying comms top down and bottom up. Struggled with documenting what we were doing. This is areally great step forward. Core team probably doens't want to be doing switchboard work
- Cody - CAC has been more active since we reconvened, met 3 times. Focussing on process, retiring old lessons, using the Carpentries Lab as proposal for new lessons - Tim Dennis leading this https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/curriculum-advisors/tree/main/minutes
- Lisa - How does this allow for comms with EC in a way that didn't work before?
- Erin - (showed next steps slides) asking EC to review the plan (governance subcommittee) As LCAG hasnt found new chairs to replace current cochairs - rename LCAG to LCGC, and proceed with recruitment in sync with other GCs. 
Currently on EC, the governance subcommittee wroking with Topby on what this plan will look like. In future these LPGCs have opportunitiy to serve on liaison community 
- QN - will it be chairs of the LCGC that will have a rship w
Executive Council have gone to Council meetings, some 
- Liz: Important also to build connections between LPGC and Member Council and Regional Community groups
- Liz - What sort of connections? Helpiong new member orgs choose lesson curricula
- Erin - Better understanding of discreet skills and what Carpentres need
- Mark - GC - give status updates to the EC so it helps the EC to know the health and interests of communities around the lesson programs. [cat dinner time] Not so much regular reports, but highlights 6 monthly to EC meetings where respective lesson programs give overview and updates. LCGC Chairs are defacto members in these EC meetings so they can issue reports and bring feedback back from EC AND the other GC communities.  Getting tidbits of what's going  
- What about being on both committees? What other formal communications between LPGC and LCCAC?
- Lisa - formal invitations, or representatives would be helpful - other attitudes?
- Erin - Is the Q should it be requirement or what's teh intention? From EC, would like to have representation from across the groups, could be CHair of each group is a liaison to the EC - sensitive to new CAC members are not overloaded with more meetings with EC.
- Mark - Don't want the liaison to be unfilled and yet still have ways of supporting volunteers so that roles can be shared and people don't get overloaded.
### Potential pathways (please indicate your intention with your name next to one of these pathways below
- Step away from LC leadership now
-- Liz Stokes!
-- Catherine Nancarrow
- Help us recruit and onboard new LCGC then step away 
-- Mary Filsell ?? - I'm keen to help with advocacy and engagement, unsure if I will step away post vet/ recruit -tba?
-- Mark Laufersweiler: step away but will vet applications, would like to keep focus with the CAC for LC. 
-- Cody Hennesy - step away but no big rush; then will focus on CAC
- Volunteer to stay on and be part of the new LCGC
-- Mary Filsell ? - I'm keen to help with advocacy and engagement
-- Elizabeth McAulay

### Next steps for Library Carpentry Advisory Group members (15 min)
- (Question from Toby): in the Q3 meeting (see notes below), Phil mentioned that the LCAG was reviewing questions to be used for recruiting new members to the LCAG. Do you have a copy of these questions that you could share? They could be a very helpful resource as we prepare the call for volunteers for LPGCs.
- https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/governance/blob/master/roles-responsibilities.md
- This link includes the EOI in a google form, a list of onboarding offboarding procedures, and a rubric! Please add your email here if you want to be an editor

- Catherine- In the Documenting roles, responsibilities, recruitment section in Github, I found the Expression of Interest form that might be a helpful resource - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11bkkHkQc1PbX5ez7frMtWLGPLWtQWBjmLrU3BGr7k4c/viewform?edit_requested=true  Also, I retrieved the EOI rubric spreadsheet that was to be put into play for recruitment earlier this year:  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VuRdDfI4_L2rFKYLRu7V6HYia6xuOf1goRSdvne7lJw/edit#gid=1833969221
- Caution - if we're missing anybody, we might need to reach out especially to some members.  Perhaps make sure that Toby knows not all people are able to make it to either of the meetings.
### Any Other Business (20 min, please add your discussion points below)
- Cody: U Minnesota and Minitex organized an online five-part LC workshop series for Fall https://chennesy.github.io/2022-09-12-minitex-online/- went out to library workers across Minnesota and the Midwest (co-instructors at U Kansas, Kentucky, and Wisconsin); great attendance so far - 40 to 50 people per session;
- Cody - first saw Jordan Peterson at Toront organize domething like this - we're doing one lesson every other week. A good way to reach a ton of learners unfamiliar with the carpentries. 2 more still to go. Wonder if there's more interest there?
- Mark - WE've beend doing that with the Oklahoma chapter of the ACRL. A smaller scale but a regular LC series of workshops. Also we've been doing nightmare on research street. Data activity getting people faimilar with data services. Strong focus on humanities and fine arts. (not STEM!) Fun craft with 2, 5 and 8 inch floppy disks!
- Lisa - online workshop for 10 UC campuses at the start of the academic year in September. Students across all 10 campuses. Mostly Software Carpentries  - 3 hour half days per lesson. Lot of trouble with the Git lesson, but it didn't fit in the 3 hours with the authentication piece. Like the SC better than the LC lesson. 
- Catherine - really great because it can be modelled in other systems where you're coordinating between orgs where you don't have a dedicated program of carpentries workshops. Hope this could be communicated more broadly across the community.
- Mary - I love hearing about what's happening out int he community. These would be great for community discussions - whatâ€™s the plan (is this too early to ask) for community discussions in the new LCGC model? Good question for Toby. I'm keen to build the community in Aust where I am, not personally an instructor or trainer.
- Cody - Makes me think that the Big ten academic alliance could be another good place to organize something like this (in the states)
- Liz - As part of the ARDC membership this year one of our partners recently put out an expression of interest for librarians to jpin instructor training - the Librarians who were successful are largely from regional and smaller universities. Hoping this will be an affinity group that can run an online program in 2023 similar to Cody's program. Perhaps also a themed community discussion led by the LCGC on LC online workshops in series - swapping stories, reflections and opportunities in Q1 or Q2 next year would be good? 
